Add `argnum` keyword argument and tests to `classical_jacobian` (#1645)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* The transform for the Jacobian of the classical preprocessing within a QNode,
  `qml.transforms.classical_jacobian`, now takes a keyword argument `argnums` to specify

>   the QNode argument indices w.r.t which the Jacobian is computed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the QNode argument indices with respect to which the Jacobian is computed.
```

  [(#1645)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1645)

  The output behaviour with `argnums=None` differs slightly for different interfaces,
  following the respective output shape of the native `jacobian` equivalent:

  | Interface    | `argnums=None`     | `type(argnums)=int`   | `argnums=Sequence[int]`   |
  | ------------ | ------------------ | --------------------- | ------------------------- |
  | `'autograd'` | `tuple(arrays)`\*  | `array`               | `tuple(array)`            |
  | `'jax'`      | `array`            | `array`               | `tuple(array)`            |
  | `'tf'`       | `tuple(arrays)`    | `array`               | `tuple(array)`            |

>   | `'torch'`    | `tuple(arrays)`    | `array`               | `tuple(array)`            |

Reviewer: The table doesn't seem to render, perhaps due to some issue with our markdown -> ReST conversion?

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2959003/133027316-f40fefb3-5124-45e1-ad8d-edeee37038ab.png)

Reviewer: (The table is a really nice idea though!)

>   \* If all QNode argument are scalars, the tuple is unpacked and the one-dimensional Jacobian
>      arrays are stacked into one `array`. This is due to the behaviour of `qml.jacobian`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \* If all QNode argument are scalars, the tuple is unpacked and the one-dimensional Jacobian
  arrays are stacked into one `array`. This is due to the behaviour of `qml.jacobian`.
```

Reviewer: Must change this behaviour 😬

  An example for the usage of `argnums` is

  ```python
  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit(x, y, z):
      qml.RX(qml.math.sin(x), wires=0)
      qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
      qml.RY(y ** 2, wires=1)
      qml.RZ(1 / z, wires=1)
      return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

  jac_fn = qml.transforms.classical_jacobian(circuit, argnums=[1, 2])
  ```

  The Jacobian can then be computed at specified parameters.

>   Note that unlike the behaviour in `tensorflow`, _all_ QNode arguments have to be provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that unlike the behaviour in `tensorflow`, *all* QNode arguments have to be provided
```

(just in case, I recall there were some issues using \_ when converting from markdown -> rest in the past)

Author: Thanks. Yes, I noticed that I started mixing rest and markdown syntax quite a bit in my head :sweat_smile:

  to the transformed QNode, even if only a subset of the Jacobians is computed.

  ```pycon
  >>> x, y, z = np.array([0.1, -2.5, 0.71])
  >>> jac_fn(x, y, z)
  (array([-0., -5., -0.]), array([-0.        , -0.        , -1.98373339]))
  ```

  The returned arrays are the derivatives of the three parametrized gates in the circuit
  with respect to `y` and `z` respectively.

  There also are explicit tests for `classical_jacobian` now, which previously was tested

>   implicitly via its use in the `metric_tensor` transform.

Reviewer: 🙌

  the QNode argument indices with respect to which the Jacobian is computed.
  [(#1645)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1645)

  The output behaviour with `argnum=None` differs slightly for different interfaces,
  following the respective output shape of the native `jacobian` equivalent:

  ==============  =====================  ====================  ========================
  Interface       ``argnum=None``        ``type(argnum)=int``  ``argnum=Sequence[int]``
  ==============  =====================  ====================  ========================
  ``'autograd'``  ``tuple(arrays)`` [1]  ``array``              ``tuple(array)``
  ``'jax'``       ``array``              ``array``              ``tuple(array)``
  ``'tf'``        ``tuple(arrays)``      ``array``              ``tuple(array)``
  ``'torch'``     ``tuple(arrays)``      ``array``              ``tuple(array)``
  ==============  =====================  ====================  ========================

  [1] If all QNode argument are scalars, the tuple is unpacked and the one-dimensional Jacobian
  arrays are stacked into one ``array``. If there only is one QNode argument, the tuple is 

>   unpacked as well. Both is due to the behaviour of ``qml.jacobian``.

Reviewer: Now that the changelog is rendering correctly, I wonder if this is too much technical detail for the changelog.

How would you feel about removing the above table and caption, and just going straight into the code example below?

Afterwards, you could then say

````markdown
For more usage details, please see the
[classical Jacobian docstring](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code/api/pennylane.transforms.classical_jacobian.html).

  An example for the usage of ``argnum`` is

  ```python
  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit(x, y, z):
      qml.RX(qml.math.sin(x), wires=0)
      qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
      qml.RY(y ** 2, wires=1)
      qml.RZ(1 / z, wires=1)
      return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

  jac_fn = qml.transforms.classical_jacobian(circuit, argnum=[1, 2])
  ```

  The Jacobian can then be computed at specified parameters.
  Note that unlike the behaviour in `tensorflow`, *all* QNode arguments have to be provided

>   to the transformed QNode, even if only a subset of the Jacobians is computed.

Reviewer: I am tempted to also remove this sentence from the changelog, also for simplicity :)

  ```pycon
  >>> x, y, z = np.array([0.1, -2.5, 0.71])
  >>> jac_fn(x, y, z)

>   (array([-0., -5., -0.]), array([-0.        , -0.        , -1.98373339]))

Reviewer: This is a great example to showcase the change!
